Readme.md, before:

# this is my first backend project 

# two type - module , common js

1. nodemon - whenever your file saved then automatic restart your page.
  - npm i -D nodemon

2. prettier 
  - npm i -D prettier - Abhi nhi  hai baad me hoga

3. create folder - controllers,db,middlewares,models,routes,utils

4. install mongooes and express js & dotenv
  - npm i mongooes express dotenv


* modify index.js and set mongooes for connecting database  

** db se jab bhi connect karo try catch , async await jarur use karen.

* set express js in app.js

5.  install cookie-parser
  - npm install cookie-parser

6. install cors
   - npm install cors
   
7. [model link](https://app.eraser.io/workspace/YtPqZ1VogxGy1jzIDkzj)



8. create user & video.model.js and model also.

9. install  mongoose-aggregate-paginate-v2
    - npm i mongoose-aggregate-paginate-v2

10. install  bcrypt and jsonwebtoken
    - npm i bcrypt & npm i jsonwebtoken
    -  both used in user.model.js

11. create account on cloudinary and select node.js
    - install  - npm i cloudinary

12. install multer
   -  npm i multer 

13. create user controller and user.routes.js & import routes in app.js.

14. install postman 

15. add register controller in user.controller.js 

16. send user details through postman and check data in db.

Commit message:

add login and logout features

Readme.md, after:

# this is my first backend project 

# two type - module , common js

1. nodemon - whenever your file saved then automatic restart your page.
  - npm i -D nodemon

2. prettier 
  - npm i -D prettier - Abhi nhi  hai baad me hoga

3. create folder - controllers,db,middlewares,models,routes,utils

4. install mongooes and express js & dotenv
  - npm i mongooes express dotenv


* modify index.js and set mongooes for connecting database  

** db se jab bhi connect karo try catch , async await jarur use karen.

* set express js in app.js

5.  install cookie-parser
  - npm install cookie-parser

6. install cors
   - npm install cors
   
7. [model prototype link](https://app.eraser.io/workspace/YtPqZ1VogxGy1jzIDkzj)



8. create user & video.model.js and model also.

9. install  mongoose-aggregate-paginate-v2
    - npm i mongoose-aggregate-paginate-v2

10. install  bcrypt and jsonwebtoken
    - npm i bcrypt & npm i jsonwebtoken
    -  both used in user.model.js

11. create account on cloudinary and select node.js
    - install  - npm i cloudinary

12. install multer
   -  npm i multer 

13. create user controller and user.routes.js & import routes in app.js.

14. install postman 

15. add register controller in user.controller.js 

16. send user details through postman and check data in db.

17. add loginUser in user.controller.js
18.  add loginUser in user.controller.js
19. create auth.middleware.js for check user is present or not
20. set routes  login and logout in user.routes.js
